2020 05 (#1280)
Azure/azure-sdk: releases/2020-05/dotnet.md

---
title: Azure SDK for .NET (May 2020)
layout: post
date: May 2020
tags: dotnet
sidebar: releases_sidebar
repository: azure/azure-sdk-for-net
---

> The Azure SDK team is pleased to announce our May 2020 client library releases.

Reviewer: I'd also keep the heading for where people should be things.

---
title: Azure SDK for .NET (May 2020)
layout: post
date: 2020-05-01
tags: dotnet
sidebar: releases_sidebar
repository: azure/azure-sdk-for-net
---

> The Azure SDK team is pleased to announce our April 2020 client library releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure SDK team is pleased to announce our May2020 client library releases.
```

repository: azure/azure-sdk-for-net
---

> The Azure SDK team is pleased to announce our May 2020 client library releases.

Reviewer: Replace the dates in the body with the snippet I shared previously.

Author: Done :)
